# React CI/CD CDK Template

This is a template project for Python development with CDK that is meant to deploy a static react app. The static site can be anything but the GitHub CI/CD workflow assumes a React App.

The CDK command assumes two context variables

- environment - This is `dev` or `stg`
- domain - This is a custom domain that you need to purchase before hand and have a hosted zone set up on AWS

The following resources are then built/deployed/set up

- Static Site S3 Bucket - separate buckets are set up for each environment
- CloudFront Distributions With OAI set for S3 Site Bucket - separate distributions are built for each environment and a SSL certificate (discussed in main project README) is used for HTTPS
- Route 53 record created to tie `env*.my-example-domain.com` to CloudFront Distributions
- Artifact S3 Bucket is created for saving artifacts from `stg` deployments for use in `prod` deployments

Some elements that were added in addition to the standard cdk template

- Output of cdk deploy is written to `cdk-deploy-output.json`, this is so assets can be synced to the correct S3 bucket or a cache invalidation can be created on the correct CloudFront distribution
- `set_env_vars.sh` is a helper script to set environment variables based on the json output during the GitHub Action worklow

The rest of the document is the standard template generated by the `cdk init` command

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

This project is set up like a standard Python project. The initialization
process also creates a virtualenv within this project, stored under the .env
directory. To create the virtualenv it assumes that there is a `python3`
(or `python` for Windows) executable in your path with access to the `venv`
package. If for any reason the automatic creation of the virtualenv fails,
you can create the virtualenv manually.

To manually create a virtualenv on MacOS and Linux:

```
$ python3 -m venv .env
```

After the init process completes and the virtualenv is created, you can use the following
step to activate your virtualenv.

```
$ source .env/bin/activate
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, you can install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
$ cdk synth
```

To add additional dependencies, for example other CDK libraries, just add
them to your `setup.py` file and rerun the `pip install -r requirements.txt`
command.

## Useful commands

- `cdk ls` list all stacks in the app
- `cdk synth` emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
- `cdk deploy` deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
- `cdk diff` compare deployed stack with current state
- `cdk docs` open CDK documentation

Enjoy!
